blue view in the 21st century pavilion for
live the match of the day between
umacon zaragoza and the well of murcia and
be the greeting between both squads and
the match starts with chances for the
local team and will be in the hands the
who will try to beat the door of fabio
replacing quique in the well of
murcia and there are the first chances
this time there is a driss who can not
achieve the first goal of the match returns
to be a miguelina that is stirred there
once the ball goes out and the first
occasions that came for the well of
murcia zaragoza was not capable or had
to reach the goal there is again
Miguel and the one that is stirring the glue
door does not manage to remove the sweat and in
second instance is there and that puts the
captain of elpozo de murcia ex ya
international with Spain who puts the
first goal in the score there is no
saves the goalkeeper well he arrives here that with
the right leg to put the first
with the score the local team was still
trying to achieve chances shot to
door and it 's fabio it gets back out
of goal again of the ball from above
will establish miguel this one nodded to
point-blank there is rafa in international
with the Spanish team this is a two
against one at the end he has to get there
he must throw himself to the ground and send the ball
a run was not able zaragoza to beat
the goal of the well of murcia again the
opportunities with victory for now
momentary this was adriel who was trying
beat arturo's goal and there's this
is the goal of the day now we will see
the repeat go elbow the of álex
how he controls the long ball with the
chest there is turned and with the leg
left puts it at the bottom of the
arturo's goal there is the
repetition go golazo the one who puts the
player of elpozo de murcia on 20 and of
this way comes 30 one of the
great plays of the day with the
ball put from the band by whom
but because they put there is the ball
as it flies it catches the sufficient height
so that Miguel does not arrive and with the
left leg beats between the legs
arturo 30 won in the well of murcia
did with the game on the occasions of
Zaragoza that arrived but were not
capable of
door again it has to be here
javier that is used to fund to remove
that ball there are the repetitions and
failures you just have to throw yourself to the ground
to stop the ball is again the
umacon zaragoza the one that tries to arrive the
door and it's as it turns in front
of fabio this time was that neither the number
21 of grape with zaragoza and is the one that
try to beat already with 5 playing with
goalkeeper-player umacon zaragoza try
get the opportunities again go now
failed to point menchov
and already with goalkeeper-player of the matter
of time that arrived on the occasions
for the well of murcia and is one at
stick go balonazo field finish off
adrid and again it is the well
try to reach goal this time if it is
baby at the back post as they send
canons of futsal in which they put
second with the dodge valley marker that
he becomes alex in band he puts her in
second stick for baby to make the 04 and
is the repetition the dribble with three
right leg fingers he puts it to his
partner was still trying to get to the
occasion the goal of honor of Zaragoza does not
was not this time it had to be the
goalkeeper also farc who was going to the
ground
there was the occasion of zaragoza as the
pizza in the second suit and in the end the
ball that goes to the wood the fifth and
the final goal he was going to send
warrior this player in which he put of
fifth with the score and just 40
seconds to the end of the sweep
the well was going to get this victory
after pass 05 he won the well of
Many